

-----Original Message-----
From: Martyn Kirk
Sent: Mon 3/19/2012 13:09
To: Stephanie.A.Williams@health.gov.au; Robert Hall; Astridge, Kate; Cooper-Stanbury, Mark; Rhonda.Owen@health.gov.au; Ivan Hanigan; Alexander Cameron
Cc: Stephanie Davis; Tanya Mather
Subject: Presentations & readings for Public Health Surveillance short course
 
Hi everyone,

 

there is only one week to go for the Public Health Surveillance short course. I am very much looking forward to the course starting. It should be a lot of fun. I have attached a current draft of the course timetable for you to see how the week is looking and where your sessions fit in. Feel free to let me know if anything needs changing in terms of session title, timing, etc..

 

On the last two days, I have asked Rob Hall to facilitate the days. Rob is one of the most knowledgeable people about surveillance in Australia, and it is a great privilege to have him come and teach. (He certainly taught me a thing or two!)

 

I would appreciate it if you could email your presentations by COB Thursday 22 March 2012 to Tanya Mather (tanya.mather@anu.edu.au). We intend to provide them to students in pdf format on a memory stick. Tanya is our short-course coordinator. If you have any questions about the course, please feel free to contact Tanya.

 

The short-course is being held at our teaching facility - 20 Balmain Crescent at ANU. It is on the corner of Mills Road and Balmain Crescent. I have attached a map showing the location of the facility. If you need a visitors permit for parking please let Tanya know. A light lunch will be provided if you are here at that time of day.

 

I really appreciate you giving up your time to prepare your session and teach on the course. It should be a great week for the students.

 

My mobile is 0426 132 181 if you need to contact me urgently.

 

Warm regards

 

Martyn

 

Martyn Kirk

Senior Lecturer

Medical School & the National Centre for Epidemiology and Population Health

The Australian National University

ACT 0200

AUSTRALIA

Tel:  +61 2 6125 5609

Mob: +61 4 2613 2181

Em: martyn.kirk@anu.edu.au

 


